TetraProc-0.8.2   Install instructions
--------------------------------------

To install you will need libclthreads and libclxclient
from <http://kokkinizita.linuxaudio.org>.
If you don't have them yet, download, then for each
unpack, make, sudo make install, make clean. Install
libclthreads first as the other one depends on it.

You will also need libfftw3, libsndfile, and their
corresponding header files. They are pre-installed
by most Linux distros but you may have to get the
devel packages for them.

Finally cd to the source dir, make, sudo make install,
make clean.

Copy the things in the HOME subdir to your home directory
and edit two lines near the start of .tetraprocrc - just
replace <your_login> by whatever needed.

Once this is done tetraproc should automatically load the
config file for your microphone when started, and be ready
for use.


Tetraproc and Tetrafile use
---------------------------

There is currently no real manual for TetraProc and Tetrafile.
The block diagram (see .pdf) will explain most essential points.

Tetraproc consists of two parts: the A/B convertor and the
metering and monitoring. Tetrafile only has the A/B conversion
part which is otherwise identical.

The elements shown in red in the PDF are those that depend on
the microphone and are modified by the configuration file. 

Both Tetraproc and Tetrafile will normally use the Furse-Malham
form of B-format in which the W signal is attenuated by 3dB w.r.t.
the first order ones. Both can also use the 'normalised' and 'semi-
normalised' forms if required. For safety, this can be changed on
the command line only, and Tetraproc will show the current setting
in its metering window. Note that the coefficients shown in the 
config window are independent of this - they are _always_ in the
semi-normalised form (i.e. they do not include the 3dB attenuation
on W for Furse-Malham, nor the 4.8dB gain on XYZ for the normalised
one).

When using tetrafile, make sure to include the high pass filter
option with a reasonable cutoff frequency - without it some mics
(in particular Core Sound's) are very sensitive to LF noise.

The default output file type for Tetrafile is '.amb', which is
a WAVEX file with a special GUID identifying it as Ambisonic.
Not all tools can read this, use either .caf or .wav in those
cases. Note that the file type is set using the command line
options and does not depend on the filename extension. 

If you have any problems or questions don't hesitate to get in
contact.


Enjoy !

-- 
FA


